Caption: so next up we have Amy Kaepernick giving
Caption: her talk entitled how to manage ducks
Caption: Amy's a conference addict front-end
Caption: accessibility Enthusiast and dog lover
Caption: she's been a Microsoft MVP and twilio
Caption: Champion since 2019 and believes that
Caption: mental health and managing your Ducks is
Caption: an important and ongoing responsibility
Caption: you may have seen her on the stage
Caption: earlier today so we're very excited to
Caption: welcome her back thank you Amy
Caption: have my slides
Caption: so the reason you saw me on stage this
Caption: morning is because I was like well I
Caption: really want to present on the big stage
Caption: at DDD and the only way I'm going to get
Caption: to do that is by emceeing so I started
Caption: mcing last year and then this year I get
Caption: to be on the stage so that's really
Caption: exciting
Caption: thank you everybody for coming along to
Caption: my session I know we've got a whole
Caption: bunch of amazing sessions to choose from
Caption: at the moment so I feel very special
Caption: that out of nine people you thought I
Caption: was the most interesting
Caption: I would like to start off by
Caption: acknowledging the traditional custodians
Caption: of this land the wajac people of the
Caption: nunga nation
Caption: I would also like to give a big shout
Caption: out to our sponsors without whom we
Caption: couldn't do this event thank you very
Caption: much to our amazing sponsors
Caption: and today I'm here to talk to you about
Caption: ducks which was originally titled being
Caption: a more sustainable you but I feel the
Caption: Ducks part is the most important part of
Caption: it
Caption: so when I first wrote this talk I was
Caption: talking about being more sustainable but
Caption: rather than the you know get rid of
Caption: plastic straws and containers
Caption: environmental kind of sustainability I
Caption: looked at our own sustainability and had
Caption: a look at the things that I learned over
Caption: the years the mistakes that I've made
Caption: the mistakes that I've kept making
Caption: and thought I'd put together a bit of a
Caption: presentation to share what I've learned
Caption: so
Caption: usually
Caption: when things are busy like when I'm
Caption: running a conference I also don't listen
Caption: to my own advice as well so if you feel
Caption: like I sound like I know what I'm
Caption: talking about I'm still learning just as
Caption: much as the rest of you
Caption: so hi my name is Amy as Cairo has said
Caption: I'm a front-end developer I run a
Caption: business and work part-time for another
Caption: company I'm also a conference addict and
Caption: has spent as much time as possible
Caption: traveling the world speaking at and
Caption: running workshops at conferences
Caption: in my free time you know all the time I
Caption: have left I love taking part in the
Caption: Perth Community I'm an organizer for the
Caption: Perth Azure user group and vice chair
Caption: and director of conference content for
Caption: DDD Perth if you've heard of it
Caption: now
Caption: as you could probably imagine
Caption: or if you saw me this morning actually
Caption: witnessed in person I'm often busy I'm
Caption: often juggling multiple things and I'm
Caption: often overloaded usually my fault and
Caption: therefore stressed because of it but
Caption: there are things that I've learned
Caption: things that I can help do to make it
Caption: easier and to manage my mental health so
Caption: that I don't burn out
Caption: as I said I often don't learn from my
Caption: mistakes
Caption: and I'll often end up making the same
Caption: mistakes over and over even though I
Caption: know better so don't feel like I've got
Caption: a secret that you don't
Caption: now first off I want to talk about
Caption: burnout
Caption: it's a word that we hear a lot of in the
Caption: industry a few years ago I went through
Caption: a bit of a month I started a new job I
Caption: interviewed and hired a bunch of staff I
Caption: trained staff I started a new degree all
Caption: while trying to replace my car after I
Caption: had just been physically assaulted and I
Caption: was looking for and moving into a new
Caption: rental property oh it was also my
Caption: birthday and I was planning two parties
Caption: so oddly enough at the end of all this
Caption: I burnt out but I didn't understand that
Caption: I'd burnt out I didn't learn and I
Caption: didn't actually take time to have a
Caption: break for myself so although I recovered
Caption: it took me a really long time to get
Caption: there
Caption: several years after this I was working
Caption: at a digital agency working 60 to 70
Caption: hour weeks
Caption: I was having trouble sleeping I got to
Caption: the point where I was constantly dizzy
Caption: and nauseous and I recognized that I'd
Caption: experienced these symptoms before
Caption: thankfully since then I had been to a
Caption: local Meetup that talked about mental
Caption: health and I realized I was experiencing
Caption: burnout and this time I decided to
Caption: actually do something about it so I went
Caption: to my local GP I got a referral to see a
Caption: psychologist and my GP made me take a
Caption: week off work
Caption: while I had my week off work I got a
Caption: phone call from my boss who said look I
Caption: know you're off sick can you come in
Caption: anyway and have a chat
Caption: this is clearly going to be a promotion
Caption: right
Caption: I got made redundant with a week's
Caption: notice at a time when no was was hiring
Caption: for my role right before Christmas
Caption: the next day
Caption: I had a meeting with the psychologist
Caption: I'd been referred to and because he had
Caption: the referral he said you're here for
Caption: work stress how's that going
Caption: and I laughed
Caption: I had no job
Caption: wasn't entirely sure how I was going to
Caption: pay my rent
Caption: and yet somehow I felt better than I had
Caption: in months
Caption: now I'm a bit of a worrier so this
Caption: situation where I didn't have a job and
Caption: I didn't really know what I was going to
Caption: do really should have been more
Caption: concerning but although I was worried
Caption: I'd realized that there is actually a
Caption: different there's different kinds of
Caption: worry there's good worry
Caption: and bad worry
Caption: now the good worry is worry that is
Caption: useful this is worry that you can
Caption: actually do something about so in my
Caption: situation it's worry where I can apply
Caption: for jobs and pick up some extra work and
Caption: maybe stop over eating dinner every
Caption: night and
Caption: steal somebody else's Netflix password
Caption: there were things that I could do to
Caption: make the situation better
Caption: from there there wasn't anything that I
Caption: was able to do to make the situation
Caption: better the worry wasn't useful and it
Caption: was turning into bad worry
Caption: so I taught myself well I attempted to
Caption: teach myself to stop the worry when it's
Caption: not useful
Caption: once again
Caption: this isn't something that I can just do
Caption: I don't have a switch that says okay the
Caption: good worry is done I'm gonna stop
Caption: worrying now if anyone happens to manage
Caption: to do that that would be great if you
Caption: could let us know the secret
Caption: but there is often things that you can
Caption: do when you when you find yourself
Caption: starting to worry so work out whether is
Caption: there anything you can do to change the
Caption: situation or is this not used for
Caption: worrying
Caption: this has been really useful when I gave
Caption: my first conference talk oddly enough I
Caption: was a little bit worried so I practiced
Caption: I prepared I thought of absolutely
Caption: everything that could possibly go wrong
Caption: and I worked out what I could do in each
Caption: situation I worried and then I worked
Caption: out how I could combat my worries
Caption: after I had done everything I could do
Caption: there wasn't anything I could do to make
Caption: it better so there was no point me
Caption: worrying
Caption: once again this isn't a switch that I
Caption: can turn off
Caption: I thankfully at that point in time the
Caption: worry was able to the worry helped me to
Caption: give a really good talk I was prepared
Caption: for the fact that there were AV issues
Caption: and a bunch of things didn't work but
Caption: there's still a whole lot of worry that
Caption: I didn't need to have afterwards
Caption: and if you think
Caption: that I've clearly learned by now to just
Caption: stop the worrying I invite you to
Caption: organize a conference
Caption: when there's a lot of things to worry
Caption: about so if anyone thinks that I've
Caption: managed to nail this whole you know not
Caption: worrying thing
Caption: try finding a backup speaker two hours
Caption: before a session starts in case anyone
Caption: didn't catch some of our last minute
Caption: agenda changes after we announced that
Caption: there had been last minute agenda
Caption: changes
Caption: next I want to talk about being
Caption: productive has anyone here spent a
Caption: weekend where you get to the end of
Caption: Sunday and you kind of feel like you've
Caption: absolutely done nothing at all
Caption: who here feels bad because they've done
Caption: nothing at all
Caption: cool I've done that
Caption: have you ever realized that generally
Caption: when you've had these weekends it's
Caption: usually after you've had a really
Caption: full-on week
Caption: and you're a bit naked
Caption: and you kind of need the break
Caption: so I reframed
Caption: my thinking instead of
Caption: I wasn't productive I just watched
Caption: Netflix for two days it was actually
Caption: I've been really tired I've been really
Caption: worn out I need the break and my body
Caption: needs a chance to recharge
Caption: so I made sure that I was actually
Caption: finding the time to prioritize me and
Caption: stopped feeling
Caption: like I was lazy or unproductive instead
Caption: prioritizing me and giving me the chance
Caption: to recharge was something that I
Caption: actually had to do
Caption: now this went a step further after I
Caption: then saw a Meetup event where someone
Caption: talked about time boxing and the speaker
Caption: actually talked about how they time
Caption: boxed their own personal time these are
Caption: calendar events that cannot be moved
Caption: they cannot be overwritten and this is
Caption: time that is set aside
Caption: for me this is me time
Caption: by making sure that I have a conscious
Caption: maker conscious effort I don't feel like
Caption: I'm being unproductive anymore and I'm
Caption: able to look after myself a bit better
Caption: now this doesn't have to be you know an
Caption: hour blocked out it could be five
Caption: minutes before you go to bed to read a
Caption: book and have a cup of tea work out what
Caption: it is that helps you recharge and find
Caption: the time for it
Caption: I like to think of our energy in terms
Caption: of the Zelda stamina bar if anybody is
Caption: familiar
Caption: as long as you don't reach the end if
Caption: you keep resting it comes back fairly
Caption: quickly so as long as you take short
Caption: regular breaks it doesn't take long to
Caption: recharge but
Caption: if you go all the way to the end and run
Caption: out of stamina it takes a really long
Caption: time before you can get back into the
Caption: swing of things
Caption: now this might be something different
Caption: for each of you it might be some time
Caption: alone if you're an extrovert you might
Caption: like to have some time with friends if
Caption: you're very special like me it might be
Caption: spending time at a conference with a
Caption: thousand other people so find what helps
Caption: you recharge and schedule that in
Caption: this will also change as well I talked
Caption: about how I like to travel so it's a
Caption: little bit tricky for me to sit down and
Caption: have a cup of tea and read a book when
Caption: I'm spending a lot of time at
Caption: conferences so I've worked out my own
Caption: ways that I can recharge when I'm on the
Caption: road whether that's oddly enough staying
Caption: up until 3am catching up with friends or
Caption: watching a trashy movie on the plane
Caption: working out what helps me recharge
Caption: wherever I am
Caption: boundaries are a word that we love and
Caption: hate
Caption: when I first started my business I
Caption: prided myself on the fact that wherever
Caption: I was at whatever time my clients could
Caption: call me and I could help them out
Caption: but as my business grew I discovered
Caption: that this isn't super scalable
Caption: I mean it's okay when I have one or two
Caption: clients but when I have 20 I was
Caption: constantly contact switching between
Caption: phone calls and emails and actually
Caption: getting the work done I wasn't getting
Caption: anything done but I saw at a meet-up
Caption: event they talked about
Caption: employee the employer employee
Caption: relationship the same as we think of
Caption: romantic or personal relationships
Caption: and so I had to think
Caption: if you have a friend or a partner who's
Caption: constantly calling you day and night
Caption: even when you say you can't talk
Caption: who keeps hassling you and won't leave
Caption: you alone and doesn't like you spending
Caption: time with your other friends does this
Caption: sound like a healthy relationship
Caption: not really
Caption: so I implemented boundaries
Caption: I let my clients know
Caption: that I would only be taking phone calls
Caption: if it was urgent I let them know I would
Caption: be answering emails twice a day and for
Caption: the most part my clients respected this
Caption: choice they followed the boundaries that
Caption: I had sat and the working relationship
Caption: continued well
Caption: the other clients
Caption: is not to say they didn't
Caption: agree to the boundaries because they
Caption: never said they didn't like them they
Caption: just ignored them completely
Caption: kept doing the exact same thing to the
Caption: point that one of them asked me to come
Caption: in and work at 8 pm on a Monday night in
Caption: exchange for beer
Caption: I don't drink beer
Caption: beer doesn't pay my rent
Caption: and I know it's a Monday night but I've
Caption: got better things to do so oddly enough
Caption: they're not clients anymore
Caption: as I expanded I was then able to be a
Caption: little bit pickier and apply these
Caption: boundaries and these choices to Future
Caption: clients
Caption: a friend wrote a really amazing
Caption: flowchart which I know you can't
Caption: properly read on the screen but if
Caption: anyone wants it I can share it
Caption: afterwards and I was able to step
Caption: through each decision and actually work
Caption: out whether or not I wanted this work is
Caption: this client going to be a pain to deal
Caption: with should I actually do this are they
Caption: going to object to my boundaries
Caption: the last lesson
Caption: and my favorite lesson of all is I read
Caption: a book that we've probably seen in
Caption: airport bookstores quite a few times
Caption: at least not a lot of not giving it an F
Caption: and while we talked about a lot of
Caption: obvious stuff it did make some really
Caption: good points including I liked one of the
Caption: points which was whether you realize it
Caption: or not you're always choosing
Caption: what to give a about
Caption: and so I started thinking
Caption: about how I allocate
Caption: my ducks
Caption: there might be a situation
Caption: that
Caption: you care a moderate level about
Caption: like maybe what computer your employer
Caption: buys you or what lunch option you have
Caption: at DDD you might choose to give this
Caption: situation three ducks
Caption: 10 Ducks per situation give this three
Caption: ducks
Caption: maybe there's something that you care
Caption: about
Caption: a lot more like
Caption: whether you get a ticket to DDD
Caption: you might give that situation nine Ducks
Caption: nine out of ten Ducks that's pretty
Caption: important situation
Caption: maybe there's a decision that you just
Caption: don't really care about the outcome as
Caption: much
Caption: you just have no ducks left to give it
Caption: all
Caption: so I started thinking about how I'm
Caption: allocating my ducks
Caption: am I giving too many ducks
Caption: am I giving two little ducks am I giving
Caption: ducks in places that I shouldn't or to
Caption: people who don't deserve them
Caption: because we need to be careful about how
Caption: we're allocating our ducks if you give
Caption: too many ducks or in the wrong places we
Caption: may end up with
Caption: very few Ducks left
Caption: we may end up
Caption: with no ducks left to give at all
Caption: but
Caption: if we're really stingy with our ducks
Caption: we may find that we have a lot of ducks
Caption: to give and nothing left to give them on
Caption: and so on that note
Caption: I want to come back to sustainability
Caption: which is defined as the avoidance of the
Caption: depletion of Natural Resources in order
Caption: to main ecological balance
Caption: and now a couple of those keywords
Caption: avoidance
Caption: of the depletion of resources to
Caption: maintain
Caption: balance
Caption: have a think about whether or not you're
Caption: being sustainable with yourself
Caption: is the worry good or bad
Caption: are you prioritizing yourself
Caption: effectively and spending time with you
Caption: you maintaining boundaries and most
Caption: importantly if you have boundaries are
Caption: you sticking to them and making clear
Caption: that this is this is not a choice these
Caption: are boundaries that are going to happen
Caption: and most importantly
Caption: have a think about how you're managing
Caption: your ducks
Caption: are you giving too many ducks
Caption: are you giving two little ducks are you
Caption: giving them in the wrong places or to
Caption: the wrong people
Caption: because we always need to make sure that
Caption: we're effectively allocating our ducks
Caption: thank you
Caption: [Applause]